On February 19th, the بتun最後あたらか although we had the
On February 19, the 24th, the enemy's 45th or 42th aircraft were destroyed or burned down.
The enemy's 14th or 45th aircraft were destroyed or burned down.
The landing team was allied with the navy.
On March 1, two enemy troops were deployed in the area of Jawa Island, in the northwestern part of the island, near Aurandaki, in the east of Batavia, near Patrol, and in the northern part of Surabaya.
The landing team of the west side defeated the enemy's strong resistance and went to the Hisazane River on the evening of March 3.
The enemy's forces destroyed the road and the stronghold and stopped our advance.
The landing team of the west side defeated the enemy's stronghold and stopped our advance.
The landing team of the east side defeated the enemy's stronghold and stopped our advance.
The enemy's main force attacked Surabaya, about 60 km south of the island.